hey guys we're eleventhgorgeous and we
like to talk about makeup and fashion on
YouTube I love it for applying russer
it's scented and open I don't know how
many because it love it long time so I
love you know sounds like surely be and
anything freakin love it it's amazing we
like to think we know a thing or two
about applying our makeup but we also
don't take ourselves too seriously
so what else can I do don't we one
awesome it's a asking yourself am I
worried I'm gonna break out tomorrow no
and it kind of makes you feel like
you've got movement on your tech school
movements good I'm so excited to scream
well the higher the wing closer to God
triple XL news a sexy so go get you some
of that yeah we also like to talk about
affordable fashion and like we said
earlier we also like to keep it fun
gonna chew you shut up
you're not constipated you're happy so
you're having a girls night out who
needs boys we have chocolate get it we
love going on Amazing Adventures and
seeing the world and as youtubers it's
our duty duty to document everything
yay it's where dreams come true
yay
I'm a telex
so we did the covergirl photo shoot we
did it was amazing so ugly out here why
would anybody onto the beach I'm happy
water so pretty I got to put sunscreen
on as soon as we get over to our area so
tell me again one day